### Group: Alan Worship Society
### Name: Lingxu Meng
### zID: z5147810

***

#### Week 1:
Found group 'Alan Worship Society' members and introduced each other. Created a Trello board to track our task progress.


#### Week 2:
Chose our project (Project 7) and met a new teammate. Created our slack channel and learned how to write a successful proposal.


#### Week 3:
Finished proposal editting with teammates and started to design webflow of the website user interacte and participated in Epic II and Epic III editting.
Hands on the Epic II with homepage designing.


#### Week 4:
This week I implemented more of Epic I & II story, including the login and register page, 404 not found page for resources cannot be routed. For the homepage, I implemented a carousel including 'city cards', which can be routed to rooms in the specific city.
I started connect to interact with the backend with fetching room information using backend API, show 16 room cards in the homepage at initial loading.
- TODO: solve the asynchronous problem of room fetching, better sorted in key's order, otherwise it becomes different everytime.


#### Week 5:
Solved TODO task in last week, now we have a room-ordered loading function and get avoid from sending unavailable requests since all rooms are loaded.
I corporate with Keyang to deploy our project on AWS EC2's ELB, AWS CloudFront to redirect HTTP protocol to HTTPS protocol to guarantee security. I also purchased a domain name to show our project online. (https://nswmate.online)
I connected login and register API with Keyang to implement to whole login/register process, we use JWT to identify user's state. To broadcast the user's state, I introduced redux to out project.
- TODO: I started to design the single room page. This should be done in the next week. 


#### Week 6:
I finished the draft of room page. I corporated with Keyang to connect 'available' API of checking the availability of room. Booked days are unselectable on the date picker. 
I also designed the user profile page, user can check their basic infomation, orders and change password(optional)
- TODO: I need to finish 'host a home' page this week and see if there is any advanced features need to be implemented.

#### Week 7:
Implemented user profile -> change password, order history, save list. Add availablity calander on roompage. 
Implemented review feature, user can read reviews of the room at roompage and comment a review at their order history.
Implemented save feature, user can save or unsave a room, they can look back at it at the profile page, which should be a great data source for future machine learning.
